---
title: "introducing: streams of conciousness"
description: "lemme put you on to this post"
layout: post
date: 2025-07-16 16:15:00 +1000
categories: text
tags: cw:substances
---
heya! so i thought this would be a good idea of mine to like, yknow, actually post more instead of waiting for a banger post idea and/or working on a banger post but it's long and i run the risk of forgetting about it and/or losing interest in it despite how cool and good of a post it'd be. i actually first saw stream of consciousness in an amazing book by andy griffiths called "once upon a slime". it's filled with a bunch of cool creative exercises and i NEEEEED to get my hands on it again somehow. however, i....sorta forgot it existed until relatively recently when i attented this course about songwriting and storytelling. we would do a 5 minute soc at the beginning of every class. it was cool! like, really cool. the only thing though is that i completely forgot to set a timer this time. soooo uhhhh when should i end? who knows. hmmmmmmmmmmm......maybe i could add my own rules to this too. like for example, if i want to keep going but make a huge jump from one topic to another without sorta *flowing* from topic to topic (like a *stream* of water!)...

...like this! ok, what to talk about now......oh! actually! maybe i should use this to give yall an update on my life. i mean, a lot has happened since 2024, but i'll just give the highlights and then maybe expand on these in later posts. alright, alright, let's seeeeee hmmmmmmmmm......oh! i smoked then (somehow) quit weed! i started on new years day and quit around the beginning of this month. i think it might've been on the 4th actually, cos that was the last day i actually had any. it was fun while it last, and to be fair, i didn't really want to quit. it was...sort of out of neccessity as both me and my brother ran out and we were going down to our grandparents' place on the coming monday. im not gonna sugarcoat it; it fucking RUINED ME. initially, i lost all interest in doing [all the usual things i love doing](/about#interests), and to make it all even worse, i got a headcold the moment we arrived at our grandparents'! and my asthma flared up! i still have a tiny bit of phleghm in my throat and my sinuses and NOT helping me type this right now, but other than that i'm starting to feel way better and i'm not absolutely *yearning* for bud anymore.

okay, next....ummmmm....oh! wait....actually....am i even allowed to talk about my ex? the order states that i can't contact them in any way, shape or form, but it's not like i'm trying to contact them via talking about them on my website that they don't even know about nor will they probably ever see, right? i'll play it safe and compromise with a super short tl;dr: i won against my ex in court. there, that's it. moving on!

ummmmmm.....crap i swear there were-OH! i rebooted my [tiktok page](https://tiktok.com/@hailey_raingrl)!!

there's this feeling i get when